[MUSIC PLAYING]
KAYCE BASQUES: Hello.
I'm Kayce, and here's what's
new in Dev Tools in Chrome 60.
If you want to improve
the quality of your site
but don't know where to
start, the new Audits Panel
is a great place to
get some inspiration.
To run an audit,
click the Audits tab,
click Perform an Audit,
then click Run Audit.
After 15 seconds
or so, Dev Tools
gives you a report on the page.
These top level
scores are a summary
of how you did in that category.
Below that are the
individual tests that
make up each category's score.
Fix the failing tests to improve
the quality of your page.
This new Audits Panel is
powered by an Open Source
project called Lighthouse.
Check out the
Lighthouse GitHub repo
if you've got some ideas
for audits we should build,
or if you want to
contribute them yourself.
If you're working on
a big site, chances
are that your pages
interact with components
from other teams in your
company, or ad networks,
or libraries, and so on.
Third party badges help you see
which third parties might not
be playing too nicely
with your pages.
Enable badges by opening
the Command menu, which
is Command-Shift-P on
Mac, or Control-Shift-P
on Windows and Linux.
Start typing badges, then
select Show Third Party Badges.
In the Network
Panel, you can now
see a little badge next
to each request indicating
who caused it.
And in the console,
you can see who
caused a message or a
violation to be logged.
You can also sort
performance recordings
by selecting the Group
Bi-Product option.
When you're paused
on a line of code,
you often want to
continue execution up
to some later point.
The new Continue to Here gesture
can speed up this workflow.
Right now, I'm
paused on line nine.
I want to execute up to line
20 then pause on that line.
To do this, I hold
Command on Mac,
or Control on Windows
and Linux, and Dev Tools
highlights Destinations in blue.
From here, I click
on the destination
to execute the script
up to that point.
The Context Selection menu
now provides more information
about the frames on a page.
Before, you would just get
a default dropdown menu.
Now Dev Tools gives frames
more descriptive names.
Also, when you
hover over a frame,
Dev Tools highlights
it in the viewport.
The console now provides
more helpful object previews.
Before, Dev Tools would just
display the string object
when logging out an object.
Not that useful.
Now it shows you more of
the object's contents.
The Coverage tab now
provides real time updates
while recording.
Before, it would
just say recording,
which would force you to
stop your recording in order
to analyze the results.
But now you can
analyze the results
while the recording
is still happening.
The Network Throttling
menu has been
simplified to the most popular
options, Slow 3G, Fast 3G,
and Offline.
Also, the team
tweaked the settings
to better match real
world 3G connections.
So you might notice that
pages load slower now
when throttling is enabled.
Last, the Async checkbox in the
Sources panel has been removed.
And its functionality
is now on by default,
because there's no longer
a performance overhead.
You can still disable
it from Settings
if you need it off
for some reason.
That's all for Chrome 60.
If you want to
discuss these changes,
start a thread in the
mailing list, or tweet
us @ChromeDevTools.
And if you want the latest news
and ideas in web development,
subscribe to the Google Chrome
Developer's YouTube channel.
I'll see you in six
weeks for Chrome 61.
[MUSIC PLAYING]